Readme Updates (#39)
votingworks/vxsuite: apps/bsd/README.md

## Run

1. Start [`module-scan`](https://github.com/votingworks/vxsuite/tree/main/apps/module-scan).
2. Start
   [`module-smartcards`](https://github.com/votingworks/vxsuite/tree/main/apps/module-smartcards).
3. Start the app:

   ```
   yarn start
   ```

> To set the election configuration you will either need to scan a smartcard (you can use the mockCardReader script in module-smartcards for this), load an election.json file, or load a ballot export zip file. You should load a ballot export zip if you intend to test actually scanning images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the election configuration you will either need to scan a smartcard (you can use the mockCardReader script in module-smartcards for this), load an election.json file, or load a ballot export zip file. You should load a ballot export zip if you intend to test hand-marked paper ballots (HMPBs).
```

## Run

1. Start [`module-scan`](https://github.com/votingworks/vxsuite/tree/main/apps/module-scan).
2. Start
   [`module-smartcards`](https://github.com/votingworks/vxsuite/tree/main/apps/module-smartcards).
3. Start the app:

   ```
   yarn start
   ```

To set the election configuration you will either need to scan a smartcard (you can use the mockCardReader script in module-smartcards for this), load an election.json file, or load a ballot export zip file. You should load a ballot export zip if you intend to test actually scanning images.

To display a batch of scanned ballots, add ballot images into the

> `module-scan/ballot-images` directory, then click "Scan New Batch" button. You can also start module-scan with the MOCK_SCANNER_FILES environment variable set as described in [`module-scan`](https://github.com/votingworks/vxsuite/tree/main/apps/module-scan).

Reviewer: What this said before is actually not quite true anymore. I'd change this to just tell people to look at the `module-scan` README, as you did.
